### Blood, the price for change.

Important - What are you trying to talk about? 
	I was wondering if spilling blood is truly the price for change. Can there be change without blood? How can that happen?


24th February 2022, I woke up foggy that morning as I would usually do, I scrolled through reddit trying to wake myself up and get myself ready for another day, as I would usually do, but I didn't get past the first post that day, it wasn't completely unexpected but I knew things had changed for the worst, Russia invaded Ukraine that day. 

It was one of those news headlines that you think about twice, making sure your brain didn't mistake it for something else, sort of like doing a double take at life. I had to make sure I wasn't dreaming, I read through multiple sources and it was true. This news filled me with misery, dread and at the same time a little selfish relief, it wasn't because I was happy that other people were going to die, It just meant I didn't have to think about my own life for a change. The first 3 days of the war, my brother and I were stuck to the TV watching the news, noting each and every event. We expected ukraine to fall, everyone did, but they didn't and thank god they didn't! But as days passed by, our interest wained and as with all things the normalcy of it set in, and by the end of the week I had started to think about my own life again. 

However, I was fresh with ideas, unfortunately journalism thrives under pressure and world events, be it far to call myself a journalist but I ganered that I had more information about the war than many of my peers, and I felt it was right for me to write a piece talking about he complexity of the issue and what events led to the war. The invasion of ukraine wasn't completely out of nowhere, there were big signs telling of an impending doom, like: the russians gathering their troops at the border, the incessant calls putin made threating the end of the world, but by far the biggest one was the U.S embassy evacuating ( they didn't want a repeat of kabul ) . So, I was quite aware that war had been a possiblity and hence had prior knowledge about it. But, even before this, I had my eyes on russian and ukrainian history owing to my interest of the Soviet republic and history in general. Despite all this, I still had to do my research. I suppose you can't explain away war in one sentance and hence the need for an entire piece. When I dvelved deeper into the history of both ukraine and Russia, trying to surmise how it all happened, I found an unfortunate pattern - The pattern of Revolution. The slavic people of russia and ukraine have been part of enough revolutions and foundational changes to have a list. The cycle of suffering - death - revolution - founding new goverment and so on, this was all too familar for them. This isn't unique to them, but it did bring my attention to the idea of blood and why it's the price for revolution. But also questioning it. Is it really necessary to spill blood over the course of a revolution?

There is a certain romanticism with the idea of revolution; The general populace: men and women alike, banding together to fight against “Evil” in order to achieve “freedom”. 

 We can sit our comfortable chairs or sofas or bed and imagine a revolution to be, but we have never seen such things our life, we are so used to the idea of the normalcy that we cannot recognize how change comes. The idea that people in the ye olden era used to live happier lives is only myth perpetuated by those who wish to sell others a false vision, they want to go back how things used to be, they don’t realise how good we have it. I would argue people back then had more comfort with the idea of change than we do.

But that’s only a mindless speculatative argument, let’s take a look back at history and see if change is possible without the shedding of blood. and let’s ponder where the uncertain future will take us. 

> “Give Me Blood, and I Will Give You Freedom” — Subash chandra bhose

India has long been lauded as one of those few countries that was able to achieve it’s freedom without violence, and there is some truth to that, but not the whole truth. The struggle for freedom for India had been a long one, crossing two centuries and multiple different generations of people, so if you considered the struggle for independence a generational struggle as I would then india didn’t achieve it’s independence through a bloodless struggle, many died. It didn’t always have to be against the oppressors, it could be for the oppressors to. The british raj had one of the largest voulanteer armies in the world during both the world war 1 and 2, the price the men of the indian army paid was with their blood, they struggled so that india could have it’s freedom as it was promised. 

But then the thought comes — It’s nigh impossible to have a revolution without spilling blood, you are bound to have people die whether it’s a long struggle or a small one, it could be directly or indirectly related to the struggle. So how do you define blood being sacrificed for a revolution, I am sure there can be peaceful revolutions, the green revolution didn’t have any blood spilt over it, maybe because of it there was some spilt but not during it. The gradual change of hands between russian politburo members was generally bloodless, but would you call that a revolution? would you call the struggle to see which sales tech gets more sales a revolution? where does it stop?

So the question evolves — What is a revolution and does it even matter if blood is spilt over it or not?

So we must define what we want to talk about, In my case I would like to bring attention to the political revolutions that usually entail the dissolution of governments and spread uncertainty and chaos in general.