Gotta redo this
The room started to fill with loud clacketing of something awful, and with it woke karnaju, half awake he opened one eye to see some light filling parts of the room. This needed more inspection, so he swooped down from the "shared bed" and began his stretch-routine while looking for the source of both the illumination and the commotion. His eyes followed the white lines of light back to one of the corners of the room, finding two familiar rectangles that threw the lights. Kept side to side, they loomed large upon the rest of the room from their tabled high ground, just out of his reach. Something obscured the two rectangles in between, casting a shadow. As far as karnaju could tell this is where the racket was also coming from. So he carefully approached the source, tip-toeing, so as to not disturb the figure that he now recognized as the obscure shape seated at the source, blindly staring into the hypnotic lights of the rectangles. So far the creature hadn't been alerted to Karnaju's presence, which was good, any element of surprise would give him an advantage lest he requires it. The dark had its secrets and though he knew of the creature's identity, he had to be careful. Karnaju sidestepped to get a better view. He now saw the creature more clearly with its lit face contrasted by blackness behind, It had an ugly and deformed flat face covered with patchy fur all over, and an unhinged jaw lined with dulled teeth, within which you could fit a large house rat. The cadence of the clacketing would slow every few seconds or so and sometimes pause but it would never stop, waiting wasn't the name of the game, but there was little denying the fact, Karnaju had no power over the towering creature, the only one way to stop the noise was through a formal agreement that would see both the creature and himself satisfied. So for the initiation karnaju placed his paw on the creature's legs. Only a solemn reciprocation of the paw routine would confirm the formal agreement. "Oh, did my typing wake you up? Sorry" Ravi responded as he looked down to see an elegantly sitting karnaju asking for pets in the middle of the night. "I am sorry buddy I just don't have enough energy to play with you, why don't you go back to sleep?" sufficient time had passed, but the reciprocation still hadn't been initiated, it was as if the creature didn't care at all, feeling hurt and misled he thought about conforming to a night of restless sleep. No! he was more resilient, he would stay adversity and see through it, so he decided to give the reprobate a second chance to comply with a formal agreement, a path towards redemption, for life was about making compromises. Karnaju stood up, stepped a few feet back, stiffened his body and slowly bowed his head lower and then with a strike he barked out aloud. "Oh common karnaj, I don't have time to play with you… ugh…". Ravi groaned. Another response that was apprehensive at best! there were still no instigations of any formal agreement! nor any consolidatory pets or scritches, was it even worth living anymore? The soul begs to question of why the lord had deeply looked down on him, but he had no answer, Only misery. Karnaju slowly took the bow to a low lying down pose on the floor. "Ugh.. don't look at me like that! Fine, do you want some treats? or Do you want to go out? into the balcony? How about both?" What's this? an offer of kind, maybe Karnaju was wrong, a formal reciprocation hadn't taken place, sure, but he now understood the position of the creature, and a victualing of sustenance and an employment of watch duty was a good offer, maybe it was best not to look the gift mouse in the mouth. so he reciprocated with a tilted head and gave out an appropriately excited bark. Complying, Ravi opened the sliding window of his room, administered some treats and let the little devil out. He then turned back to his station to continue writing his resignation letter.



But then again this had become a common occurence for him, things he previously left 



Part 1 -
---

A hunched Ravi was gazing at the screens as he typed his resignation letter on his . It had been only 4 months since his father's passing, but he felt it was the right time to quit his job. When his father was alive, it was good to have a continuous income stream and to keep up the semblance of a functioning adult. But now, he was free, sort of, in a macabre way, at least the pain of seeing his father dying was over and the stress of uncertainty was done with. As sad as it was, he had one 
 thing less to worry about. The job had taken a toll on him, though everyone promoted 8 hours of work, realistically nothing assigned could be completed within that given timeframe, especially for him, so it was always more of a 14-16 hours work day for him. Maybe he wasn't doing it right, but maybe it was that tough, the attrition rate at the company would tell you so, but Ravi didn't care enough to measure anything, he didn't want to improve the industry from the inside, he wanted to quit and go away. He had a passion for the arts, maybe that's what he could do next. But right now, Ravi was trying to finish the letter, he had to make sure the language he used was diplomatic and not aggressive in any way, didn't matter how many insults he wanted to add in, if he wanted to have his backup, he would need to remain in good terms with his former employers. As he continued typing he was distracted by a cooing. He turned to see Karnaju, who was now sitting upright next to him gazing at him with his puppy dog eyes asking for something. "What do you want? do you want to play" Ravi asked? For a reply he got karnaju's paw on his leg, He demanded scritches. "Not now, can't you see I am writing this important letter" Ravi responded as he swiped away karnaju's paw from his leg and continued onto the screen typing out the rest of the damned letter. But karnju's determination didn't give way, he backed up, stiffened his tail and body and lowered his head into position and respectfully barked at Ravi. "Oh common, karnaju, No, not right now. Go back to sleep" Ravi responded without looking. This time karnju would use the ace up his sleeve and lie down belly up with the saddest puppy dog eyes, it was sure to work. Ravi looked at the golden furred dog again, contemplating whether it would be a good idea to get a second dog to keep karnju company, at a time when he was going to be unemployed. Feeling exhausted and somewhat accomplished looking at his letter, he decided to drop to the cold floor and give karnju the much requested scritches. Satisfied karnju squiggled next to Ravi. 

"I miss dad a lot, I really hope this is the right decision", "mom's definitely not going to approve but what do you think?" he asked karnaju. Karnaju dulled his ears back and stared at Ravi, didn't reply, and then finally with a stern look he put a paw on ravi again."Yeah, yeah" Ravi continued to give scritches to the selfish puppy who only cared about himself and nobody else. 

Part - 2
---



-------------

Extra
---

It was 27th of december or 28th, ravi didn't remeber the exact date but that was the last day they spent in the hospital, Their dad passed away at about 3:00 pm from {{Tell the exact medical cause}}. It was the end of the of the tempest and a relieve of grief. They had been in the hospital for two weeks, a gruelling two weeks that were spent anxiously loitering in busy hospital halls, making calls to get more blood donors by day or atleast till the closing hours of the hospital. By night they would sleep in the waiting room warmed by blankets they brought from home, talking to each other, trying to distract their minds from what was happening in a room, two blocks to their left, boiling up in the anxiety of what the next day might bring. Ravi wanted it to end, he didn't want to make anymore calls, eat the godforsaken hospital food, sleep in shitty waiting rooms, talking to pesimistic doctors, visiting his dying father in the ICU. The night before last, they had gotten the worst news, but they had nothing to do other than to wait for their father to die. And that's what they did, they waited untill his heart stopped for the last time.  They cried, everyone - their mom, their uncles, all family present cried, The moment was as surreal as it had been when the same family was present for the reveal of ravi's dad's diagnosis. You never realise things can happen to you untill they happen and then you know they will happen again and again untill they don't anymore. Some tried sharing kind words, but ravi didn't care, he was tired and he wanted to go home, taking his dad with him, finish the funeral, ash him, then sleep in his bed.









