[https://www.instagram.com/rhadso/](https://www.instagram.com/rhadso/)

The pastel orange glow of the sun bounced across the massive whirling clouds forming a loose wreath around it. It looked more beautiful than ever. The sun's final lights shimmered on the ocean surface, stretching out to the edge of the cliff where Anya stood. Like an amphitheater with her as the audience. Above her she could hear the gulls warble, Below her, she could hear the loud crashes of the waves hitting against the cliff. A sudden gust of ocean breeze took her by surprise, but she enjoyed it; a salty earthly aroma and pleasing coolness. She peered up into the fading sky - feeling the warmth of the sun, the cool breeze on her face, smelling the ocean, hearing the waves and chirps of the birds, feeling the loose dirt in her bare feet Anya closed her eyes. She wanted to savor this moment, she wished she were still here, never wanting to leave, and never letting go. It was nice.

The horn blared and Anya woke leaning against the cold steel of the carriage. In a haze, she heard the speaker announce, but couldn't distinguish what they were trying to say. She looked around to see some people get up, and exit the carriage. she looked at her watch and presumed she wasn't there yet. Irritated again by the blaring of the speaker she shifted to the now empty seats. It didn't matter, they had designed it so that the speakers were evenly placed across the train above the horizontal window slits through which light entered the carriages. She didn't know where she was, or where she was going to be, only that they had asked her to leave the carriage when the number on her watch became zero. Bored, stuck in an empty steel coffin bathed in an awful low white light, she tried to go back to sleep but sleep wouldn't come again. She had already slept way more than her fair share of sleep so much so she had started to experience a bit of pressure on her chest and pain in her temples. To entertain herself she started counting how many people were there in the carriage, hoping to fall asleep. "Not enough sheep" she muttered disdainfully to herself. She stared at the passing shades of grey that fell on the carriage floor from the top horizontal. Where was she going she wondered again, the colors from the windows offered no clues, they had remained different shades of grey for a very long time barring the nights. Sometimes shadows would make a pattern on the carriage floor that reminded her of trees and for those fleeting moments she would remember her childhood spent building wooden fences with her father. Those were some bitter-sweet days. She missed her father. "I wonder if he is there" she again muttered to herself. She looked around to see if anyone noticed, but no one did. No one talked to each other, was it fear? was it that they had nothing to talk about? there was a shared unspoken rule that they wouldn't talk to each other about the past, why was there such a rule? She wanted to go home, she wished she hadn't left.

Another station came and went by, more people left, she looked at her watch again.

                52

What 52? she vexed in her mind again, what do the numbers mean? From the moment she had gotten on the train, her watch had shown a different number, in no exact pattern. Anya had studied high school level math, she thought she could figure out at least some pattern; sometimes she felt she had it, other times the numbers just seemed too confusing. She reminded herself that it was of no use, she went back to other thoughts. How long had it been? weeks, maybe even a month, she couldn't tell. Time was one commodity they all had plenty of but no one could ever tell how much. Didn't matter how many stations came to pass, The numbers on her watch never seemed to hit zero.

Closing her eyes yet again she tried to go back to sleep