The aim of this excerpt is to show crux of the conflict that is to be a part of the greater story. It is also practice my first person view.
****

I moved past the hulking anchors that were now showing above the waters, dilapidated and rusted to the core. The ocean is harsh, its salty waves keep crashing into whatever lies in it's path untill it turn it to dust. Old ships were dropped here after their use, like old animals they whithered until nothing remained. 

"GREY SKIES AND LOW TIDE" one of the scavengers shouted from behind. It was our signal to end our search and move out. 


 The sun was dawning on us from across the horizon, painting the rusted ships and other ships parts brown with a shining light. Another morning and another wasted night, I found nothing of use, absolutely nothing, I could have saved all the money and time if I had just slept back home instead of coming here again. I deeply and truly hated mornings and the stupid fukcing bright light of the rising sun - they were the epitome of everything that world tried to convince me about me that was wrong with me; the fact that I had spent another night looking for treasure in the ship graveyard and found aboslutely nothing, the fact that everyone was gong to up and about and begin their happy daily day, the fact that I would have had to deal with my father with his smug face gawking at me and hurling passive aggresive insults - something about me being useless. All of it, it filled me with anxiety, It made me wish that I was born better, not in a better family, I think I was lucky as enough to be born with my parents, but rather I wanted to be born with a better mind, with a better body so I could also be a part of my society and become productive member witha fullfiling life and a loving family. 

I took a seat next to ardy on the boat and we started off back for the city. "It's a beautiful sunshine morning isn't it" ardy said. I wanted to punch him in the face for saying that, "Why can't you keep your feelings about your stupid sun to yourself and shut up" I retorted imediately. He seemed disapointed, his smile quickly soured and he looked away to another side. With a sigh I said something to apologize "Sorry man, It wasn't right of me to say that, please do enojoy your sun, it is quite beautiful". My apology lit his bulb again, he smiled at me and gave me a pat on my back and then continued to look at his stupid beautiful sun. Why does he like the sun, why does anyone on the boat give a hoot about the sun at all! what has the sun ever done for us that makes it deserve all the compliments it gets. All our folks enjoy it, the people back the farm enjoy it, I will never truly get it - for me that ball o hot gas has always been a reminder of how much I hate what I am. "As bad things are, I don't think they will stay so long term" he chimmed his thoughts to me as if he heard me expouse my thoughts in my head. I didn't want to reply, there was nothing I would say that would add. but I did anyway "Yeah you are probably right, did you catch anything today?". "No, I tried realy hard, but I could not catch anything". 

The sun was up an bright, it was as clear as the day could get, I had gotten off with ardy at the st. karensby dock, we both were from the same farm near here, darling farms. On the way there, I looked all the people awake and about, hustling from their homes to their places of work, there were so many of them and everyone was so sure about their way to work and what they were going to be doing, I even caught a glance of one of the dockyard owners inspecting another treasure capture by anoher group of searchers. "Wouldn't it have been nice, if that was us" I said to ardy, "They got lucky, we will get there, we just need to work hard and wait for our time" he replied back. I hate that it's them who get lucky and that we have to bide our time and work hard. WHY CAN'T I be the queen of port ramoray, then all I would ever have to do is worry about what others think about who fucks my son.

A bit drunk and underdressed and nothing to show for I got off the tram we took to our farm, and chased to my bedroom hoping to avoid my father. But no, he was there, waiting right by my room's door. "Didn't sleep again? great" He chided me and then gave  leaning glance at my searcher gear packed on my bag "Don't waste your time on that, you are only wasting my money, time and oh your time"
I gomly stared at his face, waiting for his lecture to end.
"This is your last warning, don't go there, you don't find anything,"
I should keep a note of how many times he had said this is your last warning.
After I think he was done, I shut my room door on him. Shutting the window curtains and hitting my bad I started to contemplate the dubious nature of my need to go to the dockyard, Maybe this wasn't for me, maybe my father was right and maybe I was wasting all my time. I didnt matter, Whatever I did I would do it badly and I would feel shit doing it. I was so caught up in the loop of despair, I knew I needed time to find something that suited me but while I did all of it, I was sure I would second guess myself contiuosly untill i gave up as I was doing right now. I needed help, but i know no one could help me, it was like asking a leper to climb the hill to see the doctor and he would be cured. We''ll see what to do about it tomorrow, right now I needed some sleep. I shut my eyes "at least in my dreams I can be happy" I said out loud and went to sleep.