The party is chosen group of people from the village and scientists from riga, meant to explore and map the wild reaches of the outland.

Outland is an outreach island that lies beyond the nothern sea. The outland is actually a group of large island chains that keep going north unto the north pole. But within the context of the people living there, they know of no such thing. All these people know is that in the north when the water of the sea freezes over they can cross over to the otherside where they meet the glacial mountains covering the start of the outland from corner to corner. These mountains are barren and so is most of the outland. but the places supports small village/outreach centre setup by an expedition that was led almost a 100 years ago when the sea had started to freeze over for the first time during the winter. This had never happened before. with it many had noticed the increase in the cold of the world too. The reason they had never visited the lands with boat was because of how terribly difficult the northen ocean were to traverse, it was a death sentence for any sailor to try and brave the waters for so many days towards the north, most who would try it died. They had come across small barred islets but never anything as big as the outland as they could never go far up.

So when the nothern sea froze over for the first time, the goverment of riga took that as an opportunity to push scientific expeditions across. At that time things were going well for riga and there was a lot of political will to search new lands for more resources to be acquired, before the other cities could get their hands on it. They even went as far as to claim that all beyond the northern sea was theirs ( at the time they were the biggest power militarily and more - even had vassal cities[one is vassal port city that is full of inuits who are good sailors]that supported it). Promised to find more bountiful resources the political will behind had gained a lot of momentum as people wanted more.


During the first freeze over, a small expedition team was sent out to explore with the plan of returning as soon as they found anything tangible, since they had already know of the two islets that had been before mapped, they had an idea in which direction they would need to go. The expedition was to take place over the course of 6 months, but the frozen sea began to thaw faster than anyone expected and the expedition became trapped on the outland. It had thawn within the first 1 month of the trip and within 3 months of the freeze over. The expedition was expected to survive themselves for atleast 3 moths after which things would become dire. when the water thawed the ships couldn't cross the ocean again, so they were left on their own. waters would not freeze again until the next winter, but afraid they might lose people again, they waited for it thaw and freeze over again, but this time it didn't thaw for a whole 2 years. They sent another group of people well equiped for 8 months and they were able to find the lost first expedition. but only the encampments, no bodies were found. The second group were able to fish of teh coast and eat and sustain themselves. the same winter they came back and gave their report. People cried for their loved ones, a public eulagy was held and everyone moved on. Since the second freezing had not thawn and the second expedition had made it back all in one piece and had even been able to live of the land, they decided to start a camp across on the outland.